tell me we're friends with not friends
all right then tell me we're like pseudo
friends like in that gray area between
acquaintances and friends where
sometimes we share laughs look friends
don't take ten percent now is this why
you came over here no but you might say
we're friends after I tell you why I'm
here so why are you here your star
continues to rise and while you know
I've brought you plenty of deals in the
past brace yourself for the big one it's
time to create your signature shoot Oh
are we friends now
no but we definitely move into that
right direction man hey dough I'm
super-pumped it's about time so when we
get started right now man
you want to kill the competition with
creativity you want to kill your
competition knock them to the ground
bring all of your resources of all of
your creativity time in there to the
focus it's deserving of being
you